Hey,
what's going on is bill burr and it's time for the Monday morning podcast for
Monday,
April 3rd,
2017 was going on ally.
Yeah.
How's it go?
A little white guy.
DEF Jam Voice.
Little white boy side taking you back through a little comedy history.
Remember that the height of black guys.
Do those white guys do that?
It was always a house.
I have to have half that fucking voice.
Yeah,
I see a wack ass dated a chair.
I'll sit in a chair.
Oh,
I'm a black guy when he sits to the chase,
sits in the motherfucking GM.
White Guy said the odd years I have sat out and actually I did like taxes.
Every fucking joke.
Crushed.
Fucking crushed.
That was the black comic version of white guys.
Go and talking about flying on airplanes.
I'll comparing dogs to cats.
That's more like it.
You know,
thought your Frat Acada.
It doesn't even fucking,
you know,
that's actually still not a complimentary voice for a white guy.
But I don't think that was a complimentary voice for a black guy.
So I think I'm in the clear when it comes to political correctness.
Um,
oh my God,
what a fucking weekend I had,
man.
I had a great time.
You know,
I watch the fucking Bruins pick up four points this weekend.
All right.
And put themselves back into the driver's seat at least of their own destiny.
By beating the Florida fucking pair.
And thank God the Chicago Blackhawks had the decency to rest.
Most of the good guys in their team.
Uh,
we realize he pick up another two points.
So thank you to the city of Chicago.
Um,
next deep dishes on me.
If I run into you,
not the whole fucking city,
just wanting you fatties when are you mustachioed fatties from that SNL sketch.
I don't think I've ever seen a guy with a mustache in Chicago,
you know.
Um,
anyways,
I never heard one say depth heirs,
never heard that,
never heard it.
Um,
although I don't talk to a lot of them,
I just kind of go there and stand in front of their performing and then I leave.
That's basically what I do,
which is one of my favorite things to fucking dude.
By the way,
there's nothing,
there's nothing better than when you do your show.
The second shoot do it.
You get in a car and you get the fuck out of there.
That's my favorite thing to do,
you know,
either that or go to a dive bar and hang out like with three people.
That's the way I'm fucking why?
Um,
as perfect be honest with you.
The certain people they like to hang out,
you know what I mean?
Go Wade into the crowd,
you know,
continue,
continue to say how awesome I am.
I don't do that.
I got it for that hour.
Perfect.
Then you get in the car,
it's nice and quiet.
It's quiet.
It just fucking ride home,
you know,
and you go until you fucking hotel room,
right.
Sit down.
You'll avoid the fucking snack by right.
And uh,
and then that's it.
Then you just sit there and the loneliness of your room.
That's most of the reason why I drink on the road,
to be honest with you.
That's all you do is you just trying to stay out as long as you can see is so
fucking tired that when you get back to your room,
you just immediately fall asleep rather than dealing with the fucking loneliness
of it.
But,
um,
I dunno,
I had such a great weekend man.
I played a little bit of drums,
hung out with my beautiful daughter,
you know,
she's a riot.
She's Bossy as hell.
Oh my God.
She's already telling us what to do with just like the noises that she knows how
to make.
Um,
yeah,
she's going to be a little SMAD.
He just like my wife and she's fucking adorable as health obviously,
you know,
I'm a little biased,
but uh,
that's kind of,
you know,
you know when people are lying,
if what your kit,
Oh hey,
whoa,
what acuity?
I feel like we're getting like legit compliments.
So when it was,
can anybody out there in the hockey world explained to me
like,
uh,
how this,
like,
what's seed you are,
works in the playoff bracket.
Like,
I don't get it because,
um,
it used to be like the Addams division in the Patrick Division and one played
for,
and then they sort of jumble them all up.
It seems like when they list them as far as like I don't get,
when you go to the stand extinct because I would've thought is as a sixth or
seventh,
see whatever the fuck we're going to be.
We'd either play the capitals or the blue jackets,
you know,
the,
the top of that one.
But they kind of do it in like a march madness thing where it's like we're in
like a different thing.
So for some reason we'd get off easy or I should say and have to play the maple
leafs rather than getting the old right there.
Fred from the capitals of the blue jackets.
Not saying that we're going to beat Toronto,
I have no idea what's going to happen.
But according to the Stanley Cup playoffs here on,
on a nhl.com,
um,
as of today,
the moray all Canadians with clothes,
Giulia,
Julianne.
Well,
I would play fucking the New York Rangers.
So then number one seed and then they would get the wildcard New York Rangers,
and then the Bruins would play the maple leafs little original six action there
for you on those,
both of those.
Huh.
Then the capital's would play Ottawa in Pittsburgh plays Columbus,
like Pittsburgh gets punished.
Shouldn't they be playing in easier fucking team with the points they have?
I would think what I'm the bottom feeders,
so that's great.
I love that Pittsburgh or the Columbus will knock each other out.
Well not one or the other route I should say.
And uh,
I dunno,
I don't know what's going to cause this is the capitol is finally going to push
through the shift.
Is it finally gonna Happen?
You know,
you know,
it'd be the fucking Armageddon finals would be the Washington capitols first.
The San Jose sharks,
you know,
can,
I think one of them has to win,
right?
Like the cubs verse,
the Indians,
somebody got to fucking win.
And I bet it would go down the exact same way.
One would go up three to one,
you know,
they just got to add that last bit of misery.
And then someone would come back and win it.
I Dunno.
I Dunno what the fuck I'm talking about.
All I know is I really enjoyed,
um,
obviously this weekend and if we can play the Tampa Bay lightning on Tuesday and
fucking put them out of their goddamn misery,
um,
I think we would avoid three years in a row of,
uh,
you know,
eaten at Dick at the end of March,
beginning of April.
We've done it two years in a row.
So,
uh,
that's it.
That's it for the fucking hockey talk.
Oh,
by the way,
I don't know what his name is with that kid on Calgary.
Uh,
I keep to chuck his kid out there that kids are fucking riot man.
He's an old school hockey player.
I was watching a,
what do they have there with the fucking Don Cherry hockey night in Canada.
We actually get that down here and he was showing a highlight of that kid,
you know,
picking on that dude from the fucking cakes at Don Cherry's break.
It is fucking balls and it's just like they try and make the playoffs.
He's not going to get involved in some stupid fucking fight.
Right.
They,
they too dowdy and he,
they need him on the ice,
I would think anyways,
to doubting the Dave Grohl of fucking,
uh,
of hockey.
To me,
they're the,
they're the exact same fucking person when Dave Grohl is not making amazing
music,
he's playing defense for the Los Angeles kings.
A challenge you,
I challenge you to find Dave Grohl ever at a fucking game where we're,
where drew dowdy is not a healthy scratch.
Um,
all right,
enough of that bull shit.
Um,
I can't even tell you what about my fucking weekend.
Some of this other bullshit.
Oh my God,
I hung out with them.
If I hang out with just like a complete fucking psychopath.
Uh,
it's one of those social events you like,
oh no,
the area is dairy is,
um,
and then it's over and then it's the next day and like,
oh great.
You know,
God willing,
I'll never have to see that person again.
Hey,
how the fuck are the Celtics and number one seat?
I didn't watch in the last two weeks.
I kind of got,
you know,
foot,
fucking hockey and basketball,
he kind of got like a pick a sport,
you know,
I've been,
I've been trying to watch both of them,
but,
um,
the,
the Bruins were just in a more,
uh,
you know,
I dunno.
Precarious position.
So it was more of a exciting thing to watch.
Are they gonna fuck this up?
Are they going to somehow pull themselves out of it?
And uh,
somehow the Celtics or a number one seed,
although I don't think they're a better team than the Cavaliers,
but,
uh,
I like what Lebron did the other night last night when he got into it on the
court and that made that other dude on his don't team flipping out,
yelling at him and shit.
He immediately tried to diffuse it and then was just saying,
yeah,
I showed him up.
I shouldn't have said that.
Blah,
blah,
blah.
And I was like,
that's a
right there.
Even though a lot people don't like him.
I fucking like Lebron.
Um,
so anyways,
do it.
I've just been having like,
okay,
I know I gotta get back into fucking meditating.
I Dunno,
I'm just keep running into these situations.
Like I feel like I'm attracting that to me.
Like somebody this in New York number has been calling me.
Okay,
I like the last fucking three days and then I'm like,
I don't know who this number is so I don't answer.
And then they finally leave a messages to say,
Yay,
this is showing shawl.
You know,
I'm looking for so and show.
But it keeps saying,
ah,
you know,
this is Belle la all the time,
the thing.
But my phone is saying,
you know,
it's my daughter.
So I'm like,
all right,
well this guy is going to figure this shit out.
Right.
And he does it.
So he filed right before I did the podcast,
he fucking calls against.
So I finally picked up,
I got hello.
The guy's like,
yeah,
we'll always just said I'm talking to.
I'm like,
well,
it's not who you think it is.
Yeah,
you got the wrong number.
And he goes,
yeah,
well fuck you too.
He hangs up on me like,
like it was my fault.
So I just laugh and I'm just like,
what the fuck?
Why does this shit keep happening to me?
So then he calls back and I'm like,
well,
I got to hear what this guy's going to say next,
right.
I need a new hour of material.
I got to put myself in the line of fire here.
So I picked up,
it goes,
Yay man.
I'm sorry man.
I just,
I lost my phone and I keep trying to call my daughter and you know,
my name's bill and it keeps saying your names bell and it's,
you got to see the humor in that,
right?
I'm like,
yeah man.
It's said,
say yeah,
it's a funny situation.
Uh,
good luck to you on your phone.
I don't know.
I don't know what to tell you.
It sounded like a nice enough person.
I love that he said,
yeah,
well fuck you too.
When he still had the fucking nerve to call me back and then just say,
act like it didn't even,
he didn't say that.
Maybe it was just joking when he said it.
And it's just like,
I don't fucking know.
So anyways,
this past week,
so I'm at a social event,
I'm trying to avoid this psychoed Ian's up sitting right next to me and I'm
talking to this guy and for fucking 10 minutes,
all of a sudden I can't find my cell phone.
Okay.
And I'm looking forward and I'm looking forward and I'm not bringing it up to
anybody cause I'm thinking like maybe I left it in the car.
I don't know what.
And I realized that this psycho has placed his cell phone exactly right on top
of mine on the table.
Okay.
Like completely lined up in mine has a black case and was kind of dark so I
couldn't see it.
Okay.
And then I had to sit there playing this fucking mind game.
Like,
did this guy do this on purpose?
Am I over analyzing this thing?
Am I out of my fucking mind?
And uh,
I dunno,
did it,
the whole thing just struck me as funny.
Okay.
Thinking of how my life used to be,
cause I used to have people like that in my fucking life.
You know those people that mind fuck you.
And then like an hour later,
hey,
how sorry I was,
can I hear that?
That fucking wife beater relationship,
you got to get into them.
Ah,
yeah.
Which is course how the,
the evening ends with that bullshit.
Oh yeah,
it is.
I'm,
yeah,
no,
it's all right.
Everything's cool.
And I just walked out of there and it just felt like this fucking weight lift
off me.
Just be like,
I'm never going to see that person again.
I have no fucking desire.
That is it.
That is a fucking Rep.
If I've learned anything from hanging out with fucking,
uh,
cop,
I have two good friends of mine that are both half Sicilian.
And um,
when applied correctly,
the Sicilian,
you're dead to me when applied correctly is the greatest fucking,
it just streamlines your life.
Why would you waste another second of your life playing that mental tennis.
Okay.
Which sounds like you obviously don't connect with this person over and you just
walk away and then that's it.
And like today I just woke up.
I was in the greatest fucking mood knowing I'm never going to see that person
again.
It's fucking tremendous.
And you know what I think then I created a void.
I created a vacuum in my life cause I just let go all of that shit.
And now I got this random guy calling me up on my cell phone looking for his
daughter and then telling me to go fuck myself.
You know,
I'll take that.
I mean,
that's an easy one.
That guy actually sounded like a better fucking person.
So anyways,
Oh,
you know what?
Easter's coming up fucking Easter.
It comes Peter Cottontail,
Hobbit,
dad,
the bunny trail [inaudible] is on its way.
Um,
I,
uh,
I get this week we're going to actually,
at some point we're going to go back to the mall of become a fucking mall
person.
I'm,
I imagine eventually it's going to,
uh,
it's gonna drive me nuts.
But,
um,
we're going there.
We've taken our daughter over it to get a picture with the Easter bunny.
How fucking cute is that?
It's going to be absolutely adorable.
I can't wait to do it.
So we just have to carve out some time.
MMM,
yeah.
I'm already nervous that she's going to get totally fucking freaked out.
You know what I mean?
The older you get,
the more you look at that.
You just realize why.
What is that bizarre ritual?
You know,
why would you do that too?
Sorry,
my stomach is grumbling.
Yeah.
I'm fucking on a massive diet here.
Massive diet,
massive diet,
cutting out the booze except the last night
cutting out the booze a been eating basically perfectly.
And uh,
I'm actually down to a buck 79 I fight and waits between like one 68 one 72 and
a,
I'm from going to try to lose two to three pounds for that.
And I figured by mid May,
mid May I ought to be in fighting shape and I'm going to try to actually stay in
that and continue because what I,
you know,
what I do is I get down to the way I wanted to get down to and then that's like
the end of the movie roll credits and I go back to eating fucking pizza,
beer and all of that shit.
And then I slowly get back up again.
And next thing you know,
I'm standing shirtless in a mirror,
just calling myself every horrible name and the in that I can think of,
you know,
top of fuck something.
I've never even heard anybody say.
I actually called myself that before I started this diet.
Um,
I actually have suits that I can't fit into anymore.
Like I've hit that point in my,
in my life and,
uh,
it's just like I can't,
I can't,
uh,
I can't be the guy that goes to the fucking dry cleaner to have his suits let
out.
You go to the tailor and you just basically saying,
listen,
the food one,
I quit.
I don't want to fucking do this anymore.
So,
um,
anyways,
I did a,
I just been doing,
I've just been doing cardio.
My fucking shoulder's getting better.
I can't really lift weights or anything,
so I've just been kind of just stretching,
doing cardio and,
and,
and uh,
and trying to eat right.
I try to eat like from nine to five and then just stop.
Uh,
but the other night I was doing that,
uh,
April foolishness for Kevin and being who I want to thank for having me on that.
We did it down at the,
uh,
the shrine auditorium,
which is a famous,
um,
theater out here.
What the fuck's going on with their brain?
I came and think here.
I actually went on Wikipedia.
That's what happens.
I was trying to look at some of this other shit's in this advertising after
read.
I literally get like anxiety as I look at it.
Like,
Oh God,
look along.
His fucking copy is,
I'm going to read all that as I'm trying to talk to you guys.
My apologies.
I was distracted there.
So I played the shrine auditorium for Kevin had been show,
uh,
April foolishness every year that raises money for,
um,
I think it's premature babies.
I believe that's what it is.
I never know what it is.
I always ask right before I go on,
what is this cause for so I can steer clear of going out there like what's
premature babies show,
I guess let it die or something.
You know this,
not walking into that.
So we were at the shrine auditorium and I went up on Wikipedia,
went up,
I went to it on,
uh,
on the Internet there and I found out that that is the place,
the most legendary thing that I saw that happened at that place,
aside from like the grateful dead and all these guys doing shows was that was
the place where Michael Jackson's shot the Pepsi commercial and it had his hair
lit on fire.
His Jheri Curl,
you know,
when he was slowly at the beginning,
was the beginnings of transforming into a white guy.
Um,
you know,
I dunno if it was the,
the product he had,
if it was a Jerry curl,
if it was a con,
I don't know what he had going on.
Okay.
I don't know how that mixes with Pepsi and flammable ship at all.
I know is his head lit on fire.
And um,
he got second degree burns and that was it.
And all these fucking people look like crying.
They were terrified.
You know that this tremendous artists,
his head caught on far his fucking head caught on fire doing a Pepsi commercial.
That was another groundbreaking thing that he did like cause back in the day,
if you were a any sort of a famous person and if you did a commercial you would
just consider it a complete sellout,
at least in the white world.
I don't know how it worked.
He kind of was a hybrid though.
He treats sort of the first Caitlyn Jenner,
but he didn't like it or in a race way,
you know,
like the way he walked out the door and dude and came back a woman,
he walked out the door,
black guy,
it came back,
a white guy.
Um,
I mean I can't imagine being friends with that guy every time he would leave you
need just come back.
He was like a shopaholic,
but like for his face,
you know what I mean?
You know,
he's six always come about.
Well it's coming back with like a new bag,
you know what I mean?
Or some fucking,
I dunno what shoes or some shit.
He would do the same thing.
But with his face.
Uh,
yeah,
Bell,
he was one of those famous people ever.
We know what he did.
Okay.
Anyways,
plowing ahead.
Um,
so,
um,
I got to do that show down at the shrine auditorium and I cannot even begin to
tell you what a fucking great time.
I had unbelievable crowd.
Like I didn't do a half hour at the end of all these other monsters going out
there,
fucking killing it the entire night.
And Steve,
oh,
did a hilarious fucking stunt.
Fucking hilarious.
And a,
I got to go on like at the end of all this shit and do a half hour and it was
fucking effortless.
That's how great the crowd was.
So I want to thank everybody who came out for that wonderful causes that I
believe was for a premature kids.
You guys like the birds chirping in the background.
Somebody mentioned to me that is fucking hilarious.
Listen to be going off on shit with birds chirping.
I usually don't do,
uh,
um,
do my fucking podcast in this room.
I just do it because it's the furthest one away from my daughter asleep.
And,
you know,
I don't want to hear me dropping all the f pumps.
So anyways,
the end of the show comes,
right?
Yeah.
Everybody's shaking hands.
Oh,
you a great now you a great,
no,
I like how your mind works now.
I like how your mind works better.
You know,
we're all doing the Hollywood thing,
right?
Everybody had a good set.
And uh,
once again,
I ran into one of these crazy fucking parents,
right?
This is fucking hilarious.
This is what this person did.
They said,
oh,
congratulations on your daughter.
And I said,
Oh,
you brought it up.
You brought it up.
Now I got to show you a picture.
Right?
So her and her husband is standing there,
right?
The young young people,
right.
They look like they're single.
They don't even look like they have kits.
And I,
I just show him the picture and she just goes,
uh,
yeah.
It's so easy.
He see,
it's so easy.
It's so easy.
She said,
pointing my kid going,
it's so easy.
I'm like,
what the fuck is she talking about?
I've heard she's adorable.
She's cute.
Oh my God.
Look at those cheeks.
She's got a,
yeah,
it's so,
I see.
He see,
it's so easy.
I'm like,
what do you mean it's so easy?
She goes,
she goes,
we have three,
we have three.
It's so hard.
You have no idea itself.
And just,
she used my daughter's picture as a way to launch into how fucking difficult her
life was.
First of all,
it's like how fucking difficult is your life?
The two of you look like you've been paying 90 exit needs.
You guys don't have an ounce of fat on you.
You don't have bags under your eyes.
It's Saturday night.
You're out at a show.
Neither one of you yawning.
And they were gone.
Yeah,
we had one and then,
and then we got pregnant again and then we had,
we had,
and I was going like,
oh,
and I'm sitting,
I'm trying to be empathetic.
Oh yeah.
You know,
I hear a,
I hear too is like a game changer.
And then three,
it's like you're outnumbered.
She goes,
oh no.
We went from one right to three like we had.
We had,
we had twins next w two kids.
I don't even know what that feels like.
We don't even know what that feels like.
It's just like,
you know what?
You don't know what?
You don't know what it's like to be in a fucking log cabin with no fucking heat
like they had 20 years ago.
It's fucking hard.
The Fuck Outta here.
I swear to God like I,
and people like that.
It's just,
I just feel bad for their kids.
It's like you have to be,
you gotta be a fucking terrible parent.
What can,
a person has a kid,
right?
And,
and all I do when I see other people's kids is,
I just think of how much that person must love that kid.
They have to feel the same way that I do about my kid.
And then I'm happy for him.
Who the fuck looks at somebody else's kid and just and compares like,
Oh,
it's so,
it's so easy.
Yes.
See it's the,
and then I go,
yeah,
you know,
while we're thinking of having another one and then,
then the guy goes,
yeah,
just have one gone out to war first of all.
Like you can control it.
Oh,
they drive me up the fucking wall.
I fucking,
I'm going to say it.
I fucking hate parents.
Generally speaking.
I cannot stand them.
They liked,
they like fucking martyrs.
They like these fucking,
it's like you put yourself in this situation,
shut the fuck up.
You have three people that are going to be sad when you die.
They're actually going to give a shit and they're gonna show up and say how
great you are.
It where it isn't that enough?
Uh,
so hard.
You have no,
I'll really with IPADS,
it fucking 200 channels of cable.
You can put them in front of a fucking plasma TV.
It's like looking into a tropical fish tank all day for him.
Yeah.
This soft,
you know what I mean?
I,
I don't,
I just,
Oh God,
there's so many times in my life like I wish I could just go back like that I'm
doing you believe in or not.
I'm great in the moment on stage.
I'm so bad at it when I'm off stage,
you know what I mean?
I'm just,
you know,
cause I immediately just get to this anger level and then I end up looking like
a psycho.
Like I wish I just said that to him.
Like you guys sound like terrible parents.
Do you want to put your kids up for adoption?
So maybe you can go back to doing blow or whatever the fuck it is that you miss.
Do you know back and wish I could go back to last night and just tap that guy in
his shoulder and just point at his cell phone on top of mine and just be like,
you know,
on a psychological level,
would you like to explain this to me?
How did this happen?
Was this by accident?
But I don't,
I don't fucking say anything.
And then I just fucking write people off and then they look at me like I'm out
of my mind,
which I am.
I'm definitely out of my mind,
but I'll tell you right now,
I'm not the only one.
I am not the only one.
And I have learned that I learned that this weekend.
Oh,
so you see,
it's so easy.
It's so,
it's like,
why would you say you don't have any fucking idea?
Imagine if I had a special needs kid and you've pointed is saying it's so easy.
What the fuck is wrong with you?
Oh,
that's right.
You're completely self involved.
Ah,
ah.
It felt good to get this up.
Oh Jesus.
I'm glad I didn't say I'm glad I saved the for the podcast,
but wouldn't the podcast be better if I actually started saying these things to
people?
So then I would have the confrontations and then I could just,
maybe I could then do a two hour podcast.
Hey,
who knows?
Who knows?
So you know,
I,
as I mentioned earlier,
are the last podcast I got.
Um,
I finally got Sirius Satellite Radio in my car,
so I'm fucking listening to the 80s channel,
the 70s channel Nhl.
You know,
I listened to all be show Jim Norton's fucking show.
And I finally listened to Howard Stern for the first time and fucking forever.
And um,
he had Craig Ferguson on and Craig Ferguson was going on and on about the
Chapelle fucking special.
I got to check it out.
He was going on and on.
It might be that great one I've ever seen.
I'm like,
well fuck,
I gotta check that out.
I got to fucking check that one out.
But half of me does not want to watch it because I know it's going to be,
I don't want to feel like,
oh my God,
uh,
certain people you'll watch to get inspired.
I can't watch you shit.
Cause I'd be like,
Oh God,
I suck.
Really the gap is still that large,
you know,
every once you know,
every once in a while you think you're fucking Hendrickson and you realize you
just played a Ukulele.
Right?
Isn't that what happens?
Isn't that what life is?
Um,
anyways,
let me,
uh,
let me just read a little bit of the advertising here.
Uh,
it's unbelievable.
It's the greatest special I've ever seen.
I was just like,
Jesus Christ.
All right.
Pro Flowers,
everybody.
Have you ever forgotten your anniversary?
Uh,
yeah.
To be honest with you right now,
I would gifts you asked me.
I would be,
I'm 80% sure of my anniversary date,
but fortunately I married a person who also,
we don't,
we can never,
uh,
we don't really remember the day that we met.
We don't have a day for that.
And we,
like this year we were just,
what's,
what's
our wedding date again?
Okay.
See 11th,
right?
No,
12th no,
11 1111.
Yeah,
it's 11.
Um,
but if,
I don't know if you married some,
I dunno,
accountants,
if you married an insecure account,
they know what the date is.
Right.
Have you ever forgotten your anniversary?
If you're nodding yes,
you're lying.
Okay.
Right.
Well,
how do you figure that,
you know,
those people that are just hard to shop for?
Okay.
Wait,
what the fuck state if you,
have you ever forgotten your anniversary?
If you're nodding yes,
your line.
Okay.
Well,
I wasn't nodding,
but I have,
I've actually booked myself on my anniversary weekend because I forgot.
I just don't think that,
I just think,
oh,
every other week I go on the road and if it lands on that week,
then I wasn't out then.
It's just,
you know,
I don't know.
Evidently pro flowers,
I don't know teachers,
so they fucking psychos.
Are they going to put this cell phone on top of my cell phone anyway?
She know those people that are just hard to shop for like your wife or your
anniversary or your sister for her birthday.
It's just the worst.
Trying to fit.
Find A,
find a gift that that a,
you know they'll like and B won't cost an arm and a leg.
All right?
First of all,
that's what the fuck they want.
They want something that they're going to like and they also want something
that's going to cost an arm and a leg pro flowers stop acting like this is like
a substitute for a gift.
All right?
You are the fucking appetizer.
This is a great appetizer getting flowers,
but if you think you get a fucking every year just to get your wife flowers,
hey touch,
thanks for hanging in there.
Nursing the baby.
Oh you to shove these in your face and give them a whiff.
I'm going to throw him in and face.
They'll be dead in two days.
It's cost me 29 bucks.
That's how I feel for you.
This is what you get for as an act.
Cool Drum Mall to whatever the fuck else you're going to get.
Right?
A condiment.
This is the mustard on top of the hot dog that costs like fucking,
you know,
whatever it is.
You make like a good 40% of your salary salary,
right?
Salary.
All right,
well I'm going to make it easy for you.
Pro Flowers is my go to for flowers.
It isn't.
There's a guy down the street that sells them.
He puts them together.
Great.
And it's a person and I like them,
but you know,
if I'm sitting in a cubicle and I don't have time for this shit,
I'm going to pro flowers.
All right there.
Fresh priced right in our perf or the perfect gift for literally anyone.
And then,
yeah,
get one for one of your buddies.
I'm sure I'll love them.
And they get delivered straight to your recipients door.
How easy is that?
And that's what women don't like.
He ain't putting fucking thought in this whatsoever.
That's why it's an uncle ball.
Uh,
right now pro flowers has a special offer for just our listeners.
Get $10 off your purchase of $29 or more pro flower bouquets or bouquets.
Police,
our police are guaranteed fresh for seven days or your money back.
They have a seven step quality check,
which the flowers are always awesome.
Their website is super easy to use.
You can schedule your delivery ahead of time for any date you want and get back,
get back to your fucking day.
Pro Flowers is a no brainer gift for a birthday,
which is why you have to get it.
Also get her something else and anniversary every occasion and or even for no
occasion and all,
anytime when you want her to feel special,
they take care of all the details.
Yeah,
pro flowers is great for date.
If you're going to add it to a gift or if it's not a special day and you just
get it for him,
that's a fucking great thing.
You know,
like if this seven days out of the year,
you know,
fucking their birthday,
your anniversary,
Valentine's Day,
that fucking bird in the tree flag day.
Okay,
this is when you get them,
get,
get her own like fucking,
you know,
July 18th.
I was just thinking he was fucking birds are crazy,
huh?
Uh,
anyways,
I know you have either a birthday or your anniversary coming up.
So right now get $10 off your purchase of $20.
$29 or more it pro flowers,
but this deal definitely will not last long.
Just go to proflowers.com and enter code [inaudible] at checkout to get this
special deal.
Alright,
there you go.
Coups.
Dameon days but up [inaudible] me undies,
Mija,
Andy's get your broad some fucking flowers due to due to Mandy's me undies while
she balls in the showers there spell really nice rubbed the roses item.
She'll fucking come over and say,
why did you do that?
Why did you squad in the fucking vase show?
Cause I'm,
I want to sit on your face with my Mejan days.
Sorry,
that one was all over the place.
Uh,
elevate your underwear game to the next level with me on days you're,
you're,
you perfected your wardrobe.
Okay,
but what about this stuff?
Not everybody gets to see if you've been settling for store bought underwear,
five packs.
I have something that will change your life for the better me undies.
What's the first thing you put on and the last thing you take off?
We all know what she had,
but this isn't about that.
It's your underwear.
Make your most important piece of clothing the best it can be with me.
Andy's,
what is me undies?
You might be asking,
it's your cubicle.
Oh,
just seriously soft.
Feel good undies delivered right to your fucking door beyond.
These are designed in Los Angeles or Louisiana.
I have no idea.
La and made from sustainably,
sustainably sourced,
micro modal,
modal fabric,
three times softer than cotton.
And if you're not ready for it,
that's fucking hilarious.
She balls are going to be so fucking cushion,
right compared to the callous hands.
I'm kidding.
They're made here by union workers and if you're not ready for a subscription,
that's hey,
no pressure.
You can still save.
That's because me undies is offering you 20% off your first pair.
Just use our special URL,
[inaudible] dot com slash burr and get 20% off your first pair.
So go ahead revamp your underwear drawer.
You deserve it.
Once again,
that's [inaudible] dot com slash [inaudible] [inaudible] dot com slash burn and
we got two more and these are quick reads and I love it.
All right.
Do I only shave club?
Do buying a fucking raises like buying a cat to smoke,
get to get smooth luxury quality.
You have to pay a huge price and that means you pay in mostly for splashy
marketing features.
You don't actually need switched to dollar shave club.com everybody.
It's the smarter choice,
luxury quality at an economy price.
Dollar Shave Club's raises are amazing quality.
They've got the shave tech you need and none of the overprice gimmicky shit.
You don't.
All right.
Have you seen the,
they add for the raises monopolies newest raise a thing.
It has like 21 blade swivel pivot fucking robot razor with the laser pointer to
your chin.
Every year they make a tiny change to the range they do that.
They change it a little bit and then the new fucking blades don't fit it and
then he got to keep up with the Joneses.
It's complete boys bullshit.
All right,
you want to get out of it,
joined dollar shave club and be done with all of that ship.
There's never been a better time to give them a shot.
Right now you can get your first month of any of their amazing razors for only a
buck,
including free shipping and after that it's just a few bucks a month.
There's no longterm commitment,
no hidden fees,
and you can cancel whenever the fuck you want.
Get your first month for just the bucket dollar shave club.com/bar that's dollar
shave club.com and lastly,
but not leastly stamps.com you know what?
I use stamps.com whenever I'm sending out any my posters,
when I feel like I'm going to whore myself out at the end of the shows,
trying to just ring every last dollar out of my fucking fan base.
All right,
I'm a moron.
If I can figure out how to use their fucking scale and stamp machine.
So can you stamps,
um,
saves you time and money,
which she can use to grow your business?
I can mail any letter,
any package using my just my computer and printer and the mailman comes and
picks it up.
Avoid the hassle,
man of the post office and mail everything from postcards to stamps to envelope,
sorry to packages domestic or international stamps.com we'll even help you
decide the best class of mail based on your needs.
No need to lease an expensive lease,
an expensive postage meter right now.
You can enjoy the stamps service with a special offer that includes a four week
trial plus postage and a digital scale without longterm commitments.
Go to stamps.com.
Click on the
microphone@thetopofthehomepageandtypeinburrthatstampsdotcomenterburrstamps.com.
Never go to the post office again.
All right.
Anyways.
Hey,
I bought the fucking,
uh,
the patriots meat might be talking to Adrian Peterson.
Huh?
If you're a fucking,
I don't know if been watching the patriots for a long time.
Doesn't that remind you when we signed Corey Dillon,
that'd be nice to get that fucking guy.
Wouldn't maybe see Tom Brady get number six.
Right?
So he said,
he said he wanted to play for another five or six years.
It's fucking unbelievable.
Um,
just the fact that he's going to do that means he's going to play for at least
another three.
So He's,
he canceled legitimate shot and get another ring.
Um,
unreal.
Unreal.
Good Lord.
I fucking enjoy that.
All right.
Because every time,
every year he plays,
I always think this could be the last year.
It could be the last fucking year.
You know,
Bella check is almost 70 years old.
Brady's going to be 40,
you know,
and you know,
oh,
we're going to fucking,
what's going to happen on that franchise when those two people leave?
Who knows?
Because what's his face?
Robert Craft is three coaching hires.
Bill Parcells,
Pete Carroll,
Bill Bellacheck,
he's three for three.
Um,
all right,
let's read some of these,
uh,
some of these emails for the week.
Um,
girl freaks out.
Hey there,
Billy boy George.
Um,
it was funny,
I never liked him when I was in the,
uh,
in the 80s,
you know,
it was two homophobic to like that guy.
But uh,
he's fucking drummers to shit on there.
Do you really wanna hurt be love the fucking drums on that song.
Um,
anyways,
not sure if you saw this shed.
Some girl freaked out at a yogurt shop in Santa Monica because the couple behind
her kissed each other.
She starts saying that she was being sexually harassed by them doing so it gets
out of control.
The funny thing is that she starts off acting like a hacky liberal,
but then ends acting like a hacky conservatives as she shifted through stages of
emotion.
Uh,
the Phoenix video tour video look great.
Can't wait for San Jose.
Um,
yeah,
I actually,
I watched some of that at first.
I love this woman because I hate people who fuck,
I don't hate.
I hate looking at people making out in public.
It's fucking gross.
You tongue jammed down each other's throats.
You know,
it's like he,
I don't want to look at,
especially when I'm around food,
I totally get what she's saying.
But then she took it too far when she started saying that she was,
uh,
that she was being sexually harassed.
What I did love though is I love how the extreme closeup,
when she's yelling into the camera,
it reminded me of that movie misery.
You know,
where the lady's like,
he can't wait or whatever the function says.
Was there anything more satisfying in a fucking movie?
When he finally got to the bed and started slamming that bitches head against
the floor,
uh,
just laying there that powerless.
Do you know,
in the book,
she actually cuts his feet off rather than breaking his goddamn ankles.
Um,
I gotta be honest with you.
I really think I could have sweet talk my way out of that bed.
I really would've,
I would act like I wanted a fucker.
You know,
I would've done that.
Right.
I would have told him that I was never going to leave her.
I would have built her fucking up until I started to be able to walk around.
Right?
And then I would actually am once I could even was south.
This is how long of a slow play I would go with that woman.
I would actually,
I would,
after I could walk,
I would stay in a three month relationship with the till she got so fucking
comfortable.
Right.
And then one day I'd be making my famous fucking scrambled eggs.
Take out a fucking it.
That would be it,
man.
I would,
I would stay in a relationship with that woman until the fucking snow melted,
you know,
and I could shake off whatever thing I had to,
they have fucking,
or I could shake that off.
I'm German Irish.
I could fucking,
I could put that in a box and never think of it again.
No Pun intended.
That's what I would've done.
He fucked up.
You know what I mean?
He actually wrote the real fucking book.
Okay.
I guess I that's cause I know that she was out of her mind,
but I swear to God,
I would've fucking
hour to told her that.
I love what she did with her hair,
all of that thing.
The hardest thing would have been,
was not laughing.
The noises that she would have made during intersects,
intersects,
intercourse,
intersects.
Um,
anyways.
I don't know what that says about me,
but you know,
I,
that's,
that's how would it got out of it?
I would have just gone totally like,
oh yeah,
yeah,
the she beautiful.
Oh my God,
this soup is fucking delicious.
And I would've just talked to her and just find out what the exact fucking book
she wanted me to write.
And that's exactly what I would have written.
Yeah.
Maybe I hit her with a typewriter,
like some sort of symbolism.
I know,
but at the end of the day,
you know,
fucking some pig versus getting both of your fucking ankles broken.
I mean,
I don't think there's a,
there's really no tradeoff.
Right?
MMM.
You probably won't need,
she's such a fucking lunatic.
She's probably like asexual.
You probably don't have to do that.
You know,
just laugh at her jokes.
I think you would have been our right.
Um,
anyways,
I just went on a tangent there.
Sorry about that.
Uh,
here we go,
girl.
So when he was getting back to that.
Yeah.
I don't like when,
uh,
I don't like watching people make out.
It's fucking gross.
Me,
I hated him.
The two things I hate most in movies is when people are fucking making out and,
and,
and people when they're eating in a scene in the fucking making those fucking
noises is nothing worse than watching an actor in a scene because most times
they're not eating.
So they have to overact eating and everybody,
I don't know what happens.
They turn into fucking animals.
They started eating with their mouths open.
They start pointing at people with the bread.
MMM.
That and I,
I hate love scenes in movies.
You know what I mean?
Like when they take it to the point where literally one actor is on the other
actors titties,
it's just like,
I get it.
They're going to have sex.
Like,
why are you going to take it to this level?
Are you making a porno now?
I want to watch a porno.
I just want you to fucking porno blanket.
You just have a walk in the bedroom and he's like,
close the door.
I get it.
They fucked.
Yeah.
Like who is that for
away?
They're always up against a wall.
It's fucking raining out or some shit.
You know what I mean?
Okay.
Rather than they're getting used to each other,
figuring out which lip to go for.
Do you go for the top lip or the bottom lip?
You know what I mean?
What position do you like?
Do you like to have your ass slapped or not?
All that shit's out of the way.
They just automatically start acting like they've been banging each other the
whole summer.
Okay.
Little bit.
Call that whatever fucking songs they play.
What are some of the students in the 80s they always played that stupid for
saxophone.
The saxophone got ruined in the 80s
okay.
It went from this,
like it went literally from this instrument that when it was in the hands of a
black person,
it actually scared the CIA to the 80s where it just meant that Tom Cruise was
going to fuck somebody.
You know,
half of those jazz guys and the fucking from the forties 50s and 60s ad their
fucking phones bugged by the Goddamn j Edgar Hoover and the FBI.
And then this,
it just somehow it just all went to shit in the 70s it all went to shit and the
fucking seventies you know,
they whacked everybody that they needed to whack in the 60s they figured out how
not to lose public support of a war after the debacle of Vietnam.
Right.
And so now they've got everybody,
everybody's got wives.
What?
Trump's I,
you fuck Trump.
Trump.
I fought everything I said,
he's a boy.
Who does it support the troops.
They're on our team.
But the bridge is,
they've now morphed that into,
you cannot criticize the war if you do or anything that the,
the,
the head Pentagon is doing,
because now you're criticizing some 18 year old who's over there fighting for
your freedom.
It's fucking brilliant.
And we should've seen this coming with what happened to the saxophone in the 80s
all right.
Girlfriend says I'm stagnant.
Oh,
Jesus.
Oh Dude,
that's a major red flag.
Yeah.
Uh,
hey bill,
you tiny Tim looking red nose.
Pecker head.
Okay.
Who is tiny Tim again.
Oh,
tiny tips down ugly motherfucker with the Ukulele.
Jesus Christ.
Wow.
He looks like if somebody beat the shit out of George Washington.
Thank you.
Wow.
That one really hurt.
Anyways,
uh,
maybe I'll pull a Michael Jackson and get a cleft in my chin.
Uh,
love you.
Love your podcast,
but you wrote you love your podcast.
Even though I never get any advice.
Uh,
will you give me some?
I have l this is somebody who's not going use any punctuation.
This is all one sentence.
Loved you Paul.
Maybe this person's foreign loved you podcast.
Even though I never get any advice.
Will you give me some advice?
Will you give me some?
I have this girlfriend I really like.
That's all one sentence.
We worked together at the local restaurant.
I was fine until I got fired.
Then I got into a fight with my girlfriend's sister's boyfriend.
Got that?
No,
I don't.
Okay.
All right.
Let me,
let me try to break this down here.
All right.
You have this girlfriend you really like.
We worked together at the local restaurant.
I guess everything was cool.
And then you got fired and then you got into a fight with her,
with hers.
Her sister,
her sister's boyfriend.
Okay.
So your girlfriend at work,
you got new fight with her sister's boyfriend and then you got fired from the
Tgi Fridays,
whatever the fuck he did.
All right.
Am I back on board then?
I got a DWAI
driving while alcohol influenced,
I dunno,
I don't,
I don't know what the fuck's going on here.
Um,
I and I feel like a complete loser and sometimes it gets me depressed also.
I still give her rides to work,
which she tells me means nothing and also says she loves me,
but it's been getting meaner every day.
I don't get a job.
All right,
well,
okay,
well the defensive or you have to understand what the woman that if you're not
bringing in money,
you just literally have your like a 40 year old teenager at that point.
You're just like a big kid.
She has to deal with,
um,
you know,
and women,
they're all feminists until they have to start paying for everything.
You know what I mean?
Like what's fucked up with sexism and all that and that guys have better paying
jobs.
Evidently.
I have no idea.
I've never asked people what the fuck they make the,
let's just say what they're saying is true.
Um,
what's fucked up is,
is it now created this thing where women can date and like you're,
you're always for the most part,
dating up.
You know,
if you're,
if you have reasonable fucking looks okay and you had a reasonably good
childhood and for whatever,
you're not migrating towards fucking losers.
All right?
You can actually always be in a situation where getting married is a good thing
cause the other person makes more money than you.
So even if the whole fucking thing falls apart,
you're going to get the house,
you're going to get the child support,
you're going to get the alimony.
Right.
Only lately are we finally starting to see women having to do that.
And it's fucking hell.
Like they freak the fuck out.
Like what
a woman paid alimony was.
If like I all of a sudden got my period and I'm like,
wait,
I got to do this now.
What the fuck?
Right.
Um,
anyway,
so anyways,
let's,
let me get back to the fucking thing here.
I keep,
I keep going on tangents here.
I need to stay focused.
Um,
so,
okay,
so you got a Dui,
right?
And she still gives me a shit.
Okay,
so now you're not making any money,
so you know,
okay,
then you're all depressed and you don't have a car.
So I'm guessing you're not really looking for a fucking job or maybe she's just
meaning shit.
I don't know.
Anyways,
he said,
I've never had trouble getting work when I needed it,
but now I feel like a lazy piece of Shit.
My girlfriend called me stagnant,
stagnant,
and told me she's worried.
She said tonight,
she would see me later then changed it to,
or talk to you later and trailed off,
muttering some inaudible bullshit.
I need to pay my rent tomorrow.
Uh,
and I basically broke as fuck.
I gave her a key to my place and she agreed to pay half the rent.
Yeah,
but I feel like I'm twisting your arm to do it.
Yeah.
Dude,
what are you doing?
I feel stagnant to and depressed and she makes it hard to think sometimes.
So I secretly bought a train ticket to California,
so I secretly bought a train ticket to California from New York that leaves in
two weeks.
I'm debating whether to stay here,
keep looking for a job in a debt economy.
Try and work things out with my girl.
I'm sorry guys.
Like this is not me here.
If this is how this is written and face the music by paying thousands of fines
and traffic tickets while I'm broke as fuck or go with a couple of hippie
friends hikes through,
through like he threw a ball,
the state of California while stopping to work on woofing farms in between
journey.
It's just like Jack Kerouac Shit.
I don't know.
I'm starting to think this isn't real to stay or to go.
But if she calls me stagnant again,
I'll be out in over the horizon.
I feel bad and I don't know what the fuck to do.
So any advice is appreciated.
Thanks.
And Go fuck yourself.
Yeah.
First of all,
all right,
let's just eliminate the woman from all of this.
Okay?
Uh,
you need to pay a traffic ticket stew.
If you think you're just going to walk away from that,
you're going to end up doing jail time.
A buddy of mine did that and K and they put them in county,
which you don't want to be in because that's all different levels of fucking
people's least in La.
That's like rapist lunatics like their own kid on fire right down to a,
yeah,
I had a bunch of traffic tickets and it,
it got to such a f,
well,
my traffic ticket,
you didn't know a traffic ticket.
He had a DUI and he,
he didn't show up to court.
Maybe you won't go to jail.
I don't know.
But it's just,
it's going to be a fucking nightmare and this can be hanging over your head and
then you're going to have to try to work under the table,
which is going to cause you not to fucking pay taxes.
It's going to be a nightmare.
So,
um,
I dunno,
I would,
uh,
okay.
I would reach out for help is what I would do and I,
it doesn't sound like your girlfriend wants to do it anymore.
You haven't told me how long been unemployed,
but it sounds like she's at the brink of being fed up with you.
But,
uh,
you did get into a fight.
You did get fired,
you did drink and drive.
So you're making a bunch of bad moves and it's not her fault that she's trying
to envision a future with you.
And all she's seeing is that she's going to work while you're boozing it up and
she has to support you.
And I'm going to go out on a limb here.
I don't like speaking for the ladies,
but I'm going to go out on a limb and say,
I don't think a lot of women are looking for that in the future.
So I would man up.
You need the man the fuck up and realize that you are stagnant.
He needed to get your shit together.
All right?
I don't know what you have to do to find a fucking job.
That's a difficult thing.
But um,
I dunno.
Can you ask your parents for some help,
baby?
You fucking leave your apartment,
moved back in with your parents while you get through this.
Your bottom,
the fuck out.
You sober up.
You start working out with the old wage.
She left in your parent's garage.
You find a fucking job.
Alright,
get on a payment plan with your fucking tickets and all of that shit.
Get all of that off the table.
Maybe even break up with your girlfriend.
Get your shit together.
Create a whole new fucking you and maybe you get a new girlfriend that's beyond
the level.
This one here that was working at the fucking restaurant or whatever the hell
you are at,
all right?
But just know this,
you sound like you're still young.
You got your whole life ahead of you and you know you're,
what you're doing is you're giving into your situation rather than fucking
picking yourself up off the mat.
All right?
So get up off the floor.
Stop feeling sorry for yourself.
All right.
You have all the power in the world that turned that thing around.
All right?
And uh,
that's it.
Get a job.
Pay Off your tickets and uh,
you know,
see what happens with that woman.
You know,
maybe she's not the one.
Maybe she has.
Who knows who gives a fuck,
but work on your life.
Work on yourself.
There you go.
All right,
girlfriends,
ultimatum and out.
Jesus Christ.
Here we go again.
Hey,
Billy bonk,
my girlfriend,
a parentheses of over one year recently gave me an ultimatum.
We'd are her.
I chose,
we'd all right.
There's a person who knows what he likes.
Did you say that?
Did you say that in the moment?
Did you wait a few days?
Did you mull it over for at least a few minutes.
Okay.
Sick of your pot smoking.
I know that,
you know,
I said earlier that I was okay with it,
but the truth is I'm not,
you're high all the time.
I think it's affecting you and it's just,
I,
I'm to the point,
I can't do this anymore.
So you need to make a choice.
It shows me or you choose marijuana.
What's it going to be?
I'm gonna choose the weeds,
sweetheart.
See you.
She's going to slowly walk with their head down out the fucking door.
It have gone down like that.
Anyways.
However,
as I perceived it,
it was a choice of reason versus absurdity,
not her verse.
We'd allow me to defend myself.
Absolutely,
Sir.
You have the floor.
Um,
or man,
you know,
this might be a lesbian relationship.
My girl and I started smoking together about two months ago.
She was never big on it,
but I was a self admitted pothead in the past.
We started smoking a couple months ago and her request,
uh,
we would smoke one or two hits per night before bed will last night.
She decided that she didn't like smoking weed anymore because she doesn't like
the feeling of being high.
Apparently in that same moment,
she became morally opposed to the idea of marijuana and she proceeded to call me
an addict that has a serious problem and in a grand dramatic gesture,
she flushed my remaining weed down the toilet.
It made me choose her or we'd wow,
that escalated as they say an anchorman.
Uh,
she kept pointing at me and Lelani yelling,
look at yourself.
You're so high right now.
Keep in mind,
I took one hit out of a one hitter.
I called bullshit on all of our arguments because as long as I've known her,
she has never had a problem with weed and would often encourage me to use it
because it does reduce my anxiety and temper.
She often brags about her ex boyfriend's selling weed and her ex husband's
smoking every day and it not being an issue.
All right.
I was kind of hearing her argument to those last fucking two sentences while
this person,
this is a fucking retread year with,
Huh Jesus.
Uh,
you got her out of the Recycle Bin there,
Huh?
I is soy assumed this wasn't about weed,
but something else.
I assume it's the result of me telling her months ago,
oh,
here we go.
That I wouldn't be with her if she continued to drink because she had a serious,
seriously unhealthy relationship with alcohol.
So I imagine she's trying to use this as her chance to play holier than thou
card for the record.
I don't want to smoke weed all day slash every day.
It's the principle of the thing.
But now my relationship is riding on this thing and I don't want,
I don't want to do what is riding on this thing and I don't want to do,
I think it's riding on this thing that you don't want to do is think what you're
trying to say.
What are your thoughts?
Help a brother out.
Do I want to deal with this crazy level of hypocrisy forever.
Thanks.
And Go fuck yourself.
Um,
I don't think so.
No,
Uh,
and they detached way that you're able to talk about her.
And you never once said that,
you know,
I really love her though.
You never said that.
So,
um,
it sounds like she had a rough childhood that led into alcohol abuse and to her,
uh,
picking some really fucking,
so we're a winners here.
Drug dealers and fucking,
uh,
I don't know Mike.
I don't know what her ex husband did,
but he smoked every day.
Um,
yeah,
I think,
uh,
the way you tell it,
it doesn't sound like a rational person.
So,
um,
on the other side,
I will tell you there are a lot of people that's get high every day and don't
think that they have a problem.
Whereas if you get drunk every day,
people call you a drunk and say,
you know,
you have a problem.
Um,
I have a couple friends of mine that did that for a good 20 fucking years and
they paid the price.
Um,
smoking weed every single fucking day.
It's like everything.
He wouldn't want to eat ice cream every day.
You'd be a fat fuck your drink booze every day.
You're going to have a bad liver,
gallbladder,
gin,
blossoming,
fucking alcohol is brutal.
And I actually,
you know,
now that I've finally been educated a little bit on weed,
I really do believe it's way,
way worse.
It definitely ages you way,
way,
way more.
Um,
then we does.
But I don't think like,
you know,
wake and bake people and people who need weed to fall asleep.
I know it helps with anxiety and shit like that.
And obviously,
you know,
pain of chemotherapy,
it's got a lot of great things.
But I,
I when it really comes down to is,
if it's not,
if you feel it's not affecting your life,
then I would just continue to do what you're doing.
But it's something that as an adult,
you know,
when you move out and your parents aren't there to fucking question your
behavior,
you really have to,
I feel be extra tough on yourself.
Like I drank way too much last year,
way too fucking much.
So I'm glad that I kind of have it back under control and even,
I probably drank way too much.
Um,
so I'm trying to look at that type of shit.
And you know what's funny?
When I,
when I don't drink,
okay.
You know,
I'm more apt to take a hit of weed because I'm just used to having a little bit
of a buzz every couple of days.
So then I that always whenever I quit drinking,
then there'll be like a two week period that if somebody has,
we'd,
hey,
you want to hit,
I'll actually take a hit and I'd never smoked weed.
But then after that,
then I,
then I just,
you know,
I just don't like weed.
I'm just not into it.
And uh,
yeah.
Then after like two weeks,
then I just kinda just don't do anything.
And then that's when I start getting into shape again.
So whatever,
I think,
you know,
you sound pretty level headed and you never said you loved there.
So I would get out of that.
That sounds like a fucking,
you'd really have to like the amount of baggage she sounds like she has.
You know,
me marrying a fucking alcoholic.
I mean that's just,
that's,
that really takes a fucking saint if you're sober.
Sort of,
I dunno.
I Dunno why you'd want to put yourself through that.
All right.
That's their issue to fucking deal with and you've got to be selfish when you
want to find the right person.
So there you go.
All right.
Older lady wants to bang.
No,
Jj,
here's to you Mrs. Robinson.
All right.
Hey Bill.
I am a 22 year old senior at college just outside of Baltimore and I'm a big fan
of you stand up the podcast.
Well thank you.
I caught your show when he came to Baltimore and he absolutely killed it.
Thank you again.
Anyways,
I wanted to,
I wanted your advice as it relates to an older fucking lady.
Um,
so just to give you a little background,
last summer I decided to get in shape.
I developed a nice workout routine and subsequently lost 40 pounds and really
built up some muscle.
As a result,
women have been showing me a lot more,
showing a lot more interest in me.
They had go turned it around.
Good field.
I'm happy for you.
And I have definitely had more confidence with talking to women.
All right,
we'll keep going.
Keep going.
Keep going and keep shooting for the moon.
Talk to those chicks you think are out of the Audio League.
See what happens.
Anyways,
now I've been using some dating apps and have met and hooked up with more women
than I have ever have before.
Not Bragging.
It's just the facts.
All right,
well I'll be using a condom there.
Fucking Studley.
Um,
so recently,
and this may sound weird,
I ran across this incredibly attractive 50 year old woman on one of the dating
apps and liked your profile.
Just kind of as a joke.
No,
you didn't.
You were attracted to her.
It gives a shit.
She is a classic example of a cougar.
She's like Mrs. Robinson from the graduate or that a horny bitch from sex in the
city who just fucks everybody.
Oh my God.
Yeah.
They're most one dimensional character ever.
Kim Cottrell's character.
It's just fucking every fucking line.
It's like,
I get it.
You fuck a lot of guys.
Does anybody ever just,
there has to be a youtube video where everybody just put all those lines from
the entire fucking series.
It's like,
okay
my,
uh,
my knee,
I used to watch the thing all the way back when it was on.
Like why don't we were still living in New York and we were living together in
this apartment.
I would just be in the other side of the apartment.
She'd be watching it and anytime Kim controls character would say something,
I would always be in the background.
I would just go cause she's a whore.
Um,
anyways,
he says,
much to my surprise,
I matched with her.
Uh,
I don't know what that means.
So she hit you back basically.
She's surprisingly sexually aggressive now.
It isn't women fucking by their mid thirties.
They know what the fuck they want.
They don't give a shit anymore and clearly wants to fuck me.
She sends me messages all the time and talks about how she likes younger men.
Of course she does.
She does want a bank,
some fucking old bastard like me.
She followed me on snapchat recently and started sending me nude pictures.
And Shit.
The Blake now,
at least in my experience,
young guys always joke about the prospects of fucking a cougar.
All my friends are saying I should just fuck her,
but I can't shake the feeling that there's something fucked up about it.
Is that weird that she's over twice my age?
What are your thoughts on this bill?
Should I fucker or is it a bad idea?
Let me know.
Thanks to go fuck yourself.
Oh Sir.
This is going to be a great lesson for you.
Um,
how old did you say you were?
22.
Okay.
I will tell you this,
and it took me into my early forties to learn this.
There is no way to ever overemphasize the importance of listening to your gut.
Listening to your gut will will.
I'm telling you,
when your gut just tells you,
man,
this doesn't feel right.
You fucking walk away.
Walk away every fucking time,
okay?
Unless it's like,
it's something that,
you know,
it's some sort of stage fright thing,
some sort of anxiety thing that you have to get over.
You're not afraid of fucking women.
Okay?
Now all of a sudden this woman's coming and this is fucking failing that you
failed the saint rights.
It just fucking walk,
walk,
walk away.
Okay.
What kind of a fucking 50 year old is sending naked pictures to somebody have to
fucking age.
All right.
Now I know this day of hyper feminism,
they'll say that that's actually brave.
It's this.
It's that.
It's empowering.
It's fucking pathetic because all you have to do is slide it over.
If a,
if a guy was sending Dick pics to a 22 year old chick,
see what I'm saying?
You know what I mean?
This is like
whatever.
Anyways,
yeah dude,
fucking walk away.
That's it.
You know that's a fucking train wreck and your gut is telling you that and you
need to just listen to your gut.
All right?
When you go into a job interview and you just fucking sitting across the person,
they're talking to you,
I'm telling you,
beyond just interviewed,
you're going to get a sense.
I swear to God,
I took a meeting one time with somebody and the second I met this person,
I just didn't like him and there was something about them.
They felt sleazy and I got this joke,
thief vibe from him and I immediately stopped telling stories and all that shit
and I ended up going and I just was like,
wow.
I thought I really wanted to meet that person.
Then I met him and they weren't where I thought they were going to be and then I
talked to like two or three people about them.
They're like,
yeah,
that guy,
he's got a,
he's got a fucking rep for stealing shit.
I'm telling you,
you got to listen to your gut.
It will give up.
That's how you,
how you end up,
not in the trunk of a serial killers car is you.
God's going to tell her,
hey,
you know I don't give a fuck if this person has a flat keep driving.
You're going to feel it.
You're going to feel that weird thing.
So good feel.
Don't do it.
All right,
here we go.
let's read the last thing here.
Overrated,
underrated.
Uh,
hey you Bruin love and fuck Boston Bruin love and fuck it.
Sure you get it right.
The original Bruins.
Now like the Ucla Bruins who came later,
um,
overrated.
Sidney Crosby is the most overrated I can think of.
I'll give me a fucking break,
dude.
All right,
so he scored a lot of goals against your team is what I'm guessing.
Anyways.
He said I wished his cock Sasha cocksucker would be held accountable for just
one of the ridiculous fucking antics.
He polls this bag of shit most recently jams is sticking to Ryan O'Reilly's nuts
from behind.
You can see the replay.
He waits for the ref to be screened and assassinates O'Reilly's future kids.
He won't even get a fine fuck him.
And every content roots forum.
Um,
I understand that,
I understand that.
But you know,
Luci choose to play for us and he was the king of spear and people in the tank
and the nuts.
Um,
okay.
I Dunno,
I would just,
you know,
he also makes the league a lot of money and superstars have different rules.
That's just how it is.
But I will tell you this,
that guy's backhander is fucking has more power in speed to it than a lot of
guys.
Wrist is in the league.
Best backhand I've ever seen and um,
you know,
I have to give it up to greatness,
but you know,
he,
yeah,
he used to whine a lot when he was younger.
I think half of it was his pouty lips,
so it made it look even worse.
But uh,
I know that guy's a stud man,
but I understand not liking them.
Anyways,
underrated bowling.
I recently found out I have a spine problem,
high spine problems.
So I had to quit softball and flag football.
The good thing I was at high schools.
Okay.
The,
I was good at I guess the sport.
I was good at a lot of people fucking up this week.
The sport,
the sports.
I was good at high school in high school,
but not that good starter kit.
You left out a couple of words in that thing,
buddy.
Anyways,
my brother turned me onto bowling leagues and it's way better than I ever gave
it credit for.
It's competitive.
You win a little money and if you suck ass,
you can walk 10 feet to the bar
and get lit slash win win.
Thanks.
Go Fuck Yourself.
Absolutely bowling's to shit.
Um,
but I will tell you,
uh,
I would definitely go to a chiropractor and a,
I would get a great Mizzou,
so maybe they could work out a lot of your back stuff because,
uh,
you know,
if you're going to go from active shit to something inactive like that and add
alcohol,
you're going to put on weight,
which is not going to be good for you.
Certainly your lower back.
You'd be walking around like you're in your third trimester and you'd never
given birth.
You know what I mean?
Terminal pregnancy.
How fucking booze and pizza.
All right,
everybody.
That is the,
um,
as the podcast for this week.
All right?
Always listen to your gut.
Go fuck yourselves and I'll check in on you on Thursday.
Go Bruins,
go Celtics.
Go Fuck Yourself.